what they say you have to listen twice
Larry crowned at the common break area
its Employee of the Month day how many
will this I'm not saying 9 grand hmm
with them to a parting of the ways it
says like you're firing me get you some
knowledge and you'll be fireproof I was
downsized I'm here to make sure that
never happens again
you ready to go to work economics what a
stir my host and you will take over the
world how fast does it go it's got power
didn't see you and the scooter pay last
term want to join my gang you're in a
gang what kind of thought you and got
involved with just my college buddies
excuse me this class is canceled the
state wires minimum of 10 students per
class though thanks does this be su-17
take every pass what you are way cooler
than you appear
my boyfriend's here would you pass back
on yeah a button fly I have a speech
class who thinks the Renaissance is a
fair they go to every July what's the
name of this class anyway really mmm
brain freeze look who's waiting for a
bus
you need a ride I'll ride but I will not
wear that bucket on my head
check this out we all got free tattoos
this is glass I can see the glass in the
Navy I went around the world five times
but I would never be able to communicate
it to you unless I had taken the speech
217 little great teacher tacular you
like history again and this time /
mission accomplished eels
you are so cute I can see you